[Music]
hi
hello welcome back to another video i
hope you're having a
lovely day so far in today's video we're
going to be going in
with some meal prep not just any meal
prep we're doing
some one pan chicken dish really tasty
quick and easy and maybe some potatoes
in the oven but that is about it
and so yeah simple and really easy but
most importantly
tastes so good and it's really good for
just those busy weeks or
if you're wanting to prep your meals out
for work anything like that i've got you
covered
before we jump into it you can hit this
video with a like it would be very
appreciated and we'll just get ahead
so i went to sainsbury's
the first recipe is going to be a
chicken stir-fry so i'm using
three chicken breast fillets you're
gonna need
some plain flour for this recipe some
mushrooms some broccoli you could use
tender stem or
florets some chopped garlic i honestly
find this
so much easier it saves a lot of time
some seasoning i'm going to use some
salt and pepper
some soy sauce i actually used this fake
soy sauce i got it from amazon i'll
leave it linked below it's just like a
coconut aminos all-purpose sauce
some fry like i'm using this coconut oil
lower calorie light spray
and then a chicken stock cube so i'm
just going to start by
dicing my chicken breasts up
[Music]
i'm just going to pop my frying pan on
medium heat and
spray a bunch of this lower cow spray
it's like a coconut oil
i seem to go through spatulas and
this is what we're working with right
now i'm just gonna add some
salt and pepper to my chicken
then i'm just going to chop 150 grams of
mushrooms
[Music]
and then just transferring over the
cooked chicken
into a separate bowl i'm just gonna
spray
some more oil before putting in the
mushrooms
[Music]
i like to cook these on a medium heat
and i also like to put a lid on i just
think it makes them a bit juicier
and next up i'm just popping in the
chicken stock and some hot water
250 milliliters then just pop in the
mushroom and broccoli into a separate
bowl
before adding some more coconut spray
and my chopped garlic into the frying
pan
and then going in with my chicken stock
mixing that up
and measuring out my soy sauce
i definitely think just separating
things into little bowls and stuff and
cooking these separately
just makes it more flavourful in my
opinion
next up i'm just measuring out my flour
for
the sauce this really thickens things up
so i'm using 30 grams of plain flour
and just measuring that up it's about a
third of a cup
and just stone up it is quite thick at
this point
and then once that's all mixed together
just adding the chicken
back in stirring that round like giving
that a fry
giving that a fry that sounds weird and
of course adding the veggies all back in
together oh this smells so nice
next up i'm just cooking some whole
grain brown rice
this takes about 15 minutes on the hob
you could also use like the microwavable
bags if you personally just find them
quicker and easier i know some people
just like get frustrated with the
consistency of rice and stuff like that
next i'm just separating it into my four
different containers obviously if you're
say working from home you could just put
it in
to one big containers i got these from
audi last year and they've lasted so
well like
sometimes they do stain a bit but they
haven't broken at the seal
um or like leaked anywhere which is just
you know ideal
so here we have it this is the finished
chicken
stir fry honestly this taste smells
amazing you could of course have it with
noodles as well i just fancied rice
and yeah store these pop them in your
freezer do whatever you fancy they're
absolutely
ideal it's like a chicken mexican a
fajita kind of style
in a pan so i'm going to use three
chicken breasts again
three mixed bell peppers one whole onion
i'm gonna slice some little tomatoes
instead
of like a wrap or rice i'm going to just
boil some baby potatoes
and pop these in here into a little bit
crispy as well
the seasonings salt pepper some garlic
granules
some chopped garlic some chili powder
a bit of mixed seasoning so i'm going to
use this like fajita seasoning
and a lime so i'm going to start by
boiling the potatoes for about 10
minutes and i've preheated
the oven to 180 degrees
just gonna start by slicing the chicken
breasts in
two strips this time so not dicing them
so i'm just going to spray the pan and
if you've got like a skillet
that would be amazing i don't actually
have one that works on this
whole
yeah so make sure it's like sizzling hot
and just try not to move it around like
as much
that way it's a little bit more crispy i
think honey as well
we need to tidy up as we go keep things
tidy
so we're going to add some salt and
pepper
as well as all the seasoning i'm also
using some fajita seasoning and some hot
paprika
fun fact actually when i first met mason
i
barely used to season my chicken now
that's
a long-lost memory so coconut i'm just
gonna put some oil on
here so i just season
my potatoes with whatever i fancy as
well as a bit of coconut oil
pop them in the oven at 180 degrees and
they take about 30 to 40 minutes just
depending on how crispy you want them
and then i'm just slicing a whole onion
into like larger sizes this time
like long thin ones as well as three
whole
palp helpers peppers
and i'm just adding my chicken to a
separate bowl
before adding some more coconut spray to
my pan
and then starting off with the onions
[Music]
so once the onions have gone like a kind
of neutral color i'm gonna add my garlic
in i always try and
put the garlic in like towards the end
just as otherwise you can just end up
overcooking it
and cooking my all my veggies before
adding
the chicken back in
[Music]
then i'm just transferring my chicken
into my container i'm actually using the
smaller ones here i was
very optimistic thinking i could fit
everything in and
then popping my cooked potatoes in there
i just love every kind of potato i love
baby white potatoes and sweet potatoes i
like to just alternate between the two
really
and here we have it the finished chicken
fajita potato
bowl i like adding just some tomatoes
and
also a little slice of lime there's just
something about it that really adds to
the taste
so here are the finished meal preps
got to say this one doesn't look
superior but honestly tastes
unreal these are really good dinner or
lunches and nice sort of like high
volume
meals so tasty as well like mixing it up
between like rice and potatoes and stuff
and pizza breads and all that
something else just to mention as well
you can freeze these too
and obviously like have them cold so
that is the end of this video
um i really hope you enjoyed this one do
you let me know if you'd like to see any
more like meal preps
i generally only if i'm ever like busy
i'll just meal prep
lunch or dinner not necessarily
breakfast because like probably jokes
literally takes like two seconds doesn't
it like there's not much point i don't
think
personally just let me know what else
you would like to see or like what other
recipes and whatnot
if you've ever got like busy weeks it is
so convenient just to
like prep some meals even if it's not in
containers just have it in like one big
container in the fridge or something so
you can just go and warm it up and the
best thing of all these
is they're all freezable and obviously
you can microwave them reheat them and
stuff
i generally eat these like within three
sometimes four days i wouldn't really
leave it much
longer than that it's just not
completely fresh and stuff but um trying
to hit your macros i think it's so good
because
these are so easy to track and you can
get so much more like for your macros
just by making stuff
from home and not to mention i always
think please taste so much nicer than
like a sandwich on the go or
just anything like that really anything
that saves time
i am just like all about at the moment
anyway if you haven't already i'd love
you to stick around by joining the fan
and subscribing to my channel make sure
you like this video and i'll see you in
the next one